1. Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
	This assignment was all about using Deep Q Learning to have an AI agent traverse a maze using Tensorflow/Keras. The code that was given to us was the set up for the neural network, along with an example of a single round of the agent. Also included was pseudocode for some of the work we had to do in the qtraining function, and the parameters to run to test the model after training. The code that I created myself was the loop for the Epochs and Episodes with in the qtraining function. This included iterating through each epoch, running episodes of the agent attempting to traverse the maze through exploration or exploitation. After each episode the agent would record whether the action/state change resulted in a positive or negative reward, as well as whether the game ended or not. It then used the fit function in TensorFlow to adjust weights and learn from a set of episodes to better traverse the map in following runs. Wins and Losses were recorded as well so the agent knew when it reached a win ratio resulting in 32 consecutive wins, it would assume completion of a fully trained model.
	
2. Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
   - What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
		What Computer Scientists do matters because technology is now an inseparable part of our lives. Software on some level runs everything from our dishwasher to the stop lights that control the flow of traffic. We need people who can understand and work with this technology to keep our current societal infostructure operating. On top of that, software and hardware are based on hard facts, not interpretation. There is always wiggle room between good and bad design, but at the end of the day, it either operates or it doesn't. That isn't the same as more conceptual pursuits like writing, art, and social sciences where it is often hard to measure whether something is done well or not. It is much more obvious to see whether a traffic light functions, then whether a book, or social program functions.
	 - How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
		I approach most problems by following the same method every time. First I look to fully understand the problem. What exactly is the issue or question? What does it entail? I view this as the advice they used to always tell us in school which was "Always read the question thoroughly before answering." Now that I understand what the problem is, I try to learn as much as I can about it. This can vary in depth from a simple google search for a small problem to reading multiple books, documents and sources for larger problems. Included in the research is looking for people who have had this issue before as well. Learning from past mistakes is one of quickest ways to solve a problem. Now that I know the problem, and I searched for information, I implement the fix. This part of the process often requires returning to the sources I have found as I peel back layers of the problem. Finally when everything is done I document through some method to help me learn for next time. In school this is done naturally through my notes, even this is written in One Note first, so I have it recorded for future reference.
	 - What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
		Ethics is always one of those sticky words that varies between people. For what it's worth, to my own part, I believe that my ethical responsibilities are to safely create software that functions as required for safe operation by the end user and my organization (in that order) as well as not taking shortcuts or being misleading about potential issues. In my current job, I work around plenty of software/hardware driven solutions designed to be efficiently deadly and even deemed unethical by some people. So while the operator safety is of utmost importance, receiver safety is quite literally the opposite. If I were to design software for something like this, I would ensure the highest standards of code was met and not shy away from documenting the capabilities, limitations, and expected results. If I knew that my documentation was not being taken into account, and operator safety was not prioritized by my organization, I would feel ethically compelled to report that as well. Basically, through proper coding and practices, I will not be the broken link in the ethics chain, but help be part of its reinforcement. 

