1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
   
    The way that I keep my code readable, adaptable, and maintainable is by following the core principles of object oriented programing.  I like to think of each function as a room in a house. Each room may have windows or doors to other rooms but at the end of the day it is it's confined system with its own function. For example you wouldn't install a knife sharpener in the parlor, you would have it in the kitchen. This analogy helps me consider the layout of connections between different functions. 
In Project One, the CRUD format encourage this modular OOP style structure. It made the code base more standardized, easier to read, and simple to extend. In project 2, the Dash dashboard followed a similar module in that each of the html elements fell into their own "room" and could be worked on individually. The only call back that had some overlap was to help reset the selection when the filter changed which was an intentional design and not a structural issue. 
    One of the biggest advantages of working in an OOP way is that different people can work on different sections without messing each other up, similarly features can be added in the future without causing much issue. It also helps make it more maintainable by keeping things contained you can more easily isolate issues instead of being across the entire code base you can check first with in the module. This python module is generic enough it could easily be used in another database situation with a simple modification to the connection credentials.

2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

    As a computer scientist, the first thing I do when approaching a new problem is visualize it. I will take my tablet and sketch out a vague idea of what is needed, what variables I might like to use, what needs to communicate with what, and so on. This helps me form a high level understanding of the problem before I start. I did something similar with this problem, drawing out the connections, figuring out what I think I would need first and then proceeding from there. As I progressed, I adjusted the plan as need, but the intialial sketch gave me a solid foundation.
This method isn't new for me either, I have been using it for years, but this project helped emphasize the need to writing down specific requirements to help track progress. Going forward I plan to continue combing visual planning with written breakdowns to better manage complex databases and applications.

3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

   Computer Scientists do a wide variety of work, butat the core, they find unique ways to turn electricity into meaningful patterns. Everything we create as Computer Scientist works on boils down to 1s and 0s, on or off, charge or no charge, yet from that simplicity it is turned into calculators, robots, games, music, knowledge. This work matters because it can help us live easier, more connected lives, explore science further, and create new forms of communication and entertainment. This project, for example, would help a company like Grazioso Salvare do their work by providing them a unique way to view those patterns and find service animals to help them rescue people.
It's easy to overlook that a digital pattern on a screen can have real world impact, but it does. When designed thoughtfully, it leads to positive, tangible outcomes, and that is why computer science matters.
